Embedded Link -> Link (#1031)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/auth-flow/build/build-your-own-authorization-journey.md

---
title: "Build your own auth flow"
description: "Create your own journey to connect your customers' financial platforms"
unlisted: true
displayed_sidebar: docs
---

:::tip Codat recommends Link SDK

Instead of building your own solution, use the [Link SDK](/auth-flow/authorize-embedded-link) to fully embed our flexible, white-labeled auth flow in your application. 

> You will benefit from our extensive experience combined with authorization best practices, providing your users with a native feel of the auth flow and achieving an **89%** conversion rate.

Author: ```suggestion
You will benefit from our extensive experience combined with authorization best practices, providing your users with a native feeling of the auth flow and achieving an **89%** conversion rate on average.
```
